Mr. Wesley, I will make sure that you learn the lesson, okay?
Please have mercy. Please.
If this happens again, I won't be so forgiving.
Don't you see now?
This is the daughter-in-law you so carefully chose from me.
I just wanted you to marry someone from a respectable family.
Girl I'm married is actually quite nice.
You should meet her.
I believe it.
If girls from one-law families can't be trusted,
how can she be any better?
How can you judge her without even meeting her?
Fine. I'll meet her.
Are you happy? She better not disappoint me.
Joanna, stop this nonsense.
We can't afford to mess with the Westerners.
I am not giving up any of them.
Then what do you want to do?
In ones that Ellie had a gambling, alcoholic addict and a father.
Yes, what about it?
Do you have his contact information?
I need you to do something.
And who else?
If you do a good job, I might consider getting-